# View As

## Questions

9.1. An access token sounds like it's combination of the session_id we implemented in PSet 8, user ID, and in a sense a key to
     get editing permissions and access to other linked content, apps, and Facebook databases in this example. It's goal is to keep
     you logged in, but once it exists and you copy it, you don't need to renter the password to use it.

9.2. It seems like you get an access token for almost every action you make on Facebook and these hackers exploited the access
     tokens that are generated when an account holder uses the View As simulation feature. Hackers took advantage of a video
     uploader bug that popped up in the View As feature, and then copied the access token generated by another bug in the video
     uploader for the person whose view is being simulated (because you can access and copy a token). These points are from:
     https://motherboard.vice.com/en_us/article/bja7qq/how-50-million-facebook-users-were-hacked

9.3. An access token seems to be unique for each login event, and once you log out, the access token becomes defunct. So by logging
     everyone out, Facebook was resetting the access tokens so the hackers couldn't continue to use the ones they had obtained.

9.4. Session cookies only have the session ID after the user logs in, and they are stored on the server, i.e. a  user's browser.
     Access tokens seem to be on some cloud and attached to activities/events. Cookies expire after some time or after you log out,
     but access tokens only expire after you log out.

## Debrief

a. Link provided in 9.2 and my notebook.

b. 20 minutes
